The Albanian mob
were at the train station this morning.
Fuck... what do they want?
I can't believe it...
Beautiful!
- How are you?
Good. Good.
- Give me a kiss.
It's been a while.
Ever since...
the death of Jean-Paul.
What a tragedy. no?
Hello. how are you? Everything okay?
No... He is English. She is American.
No. Out of the question.
Please! Give me more time.
No. I'm triggering the Red Notice.
This is a manhunt now.
"Womanhunt".
Anyway. we have to find them.
If you do that. we lose all chance
of getting to Ergon Kreshnik.
The Albanians are after her.
If you just give me time.
I'll convince her to cooperate.
You don't know that!
You don't know anything about her.
I just don't think she's a killer.
Listen... Just give me a chance.
And if I can't get her.
you can trigger your Red Notice.
Sir?
The Vespa from the hostel was found at
the home of this man: William F. Donovan.
His car was gone but the license plate
was detected by a radar camera.
Speeding?
Actually. going too slowly.
Where did it happen?
Just outside of Monte Carlo.
You have 24 hours.
You find her. you make her talk.
After that. I order the Red Notice.
Beautiful fountain. huh?
Very.
Come.
- I'm coming.
I'm sorry.
How grand.
Come. Welcome to my gallery.
That ivory chess set came straight
out of a Viking tomb.
Really?
This wooden head belonged to Charles II.
The original wig was made
completely from the pubic hair
of all of his lovers.
Very interesting. right?
Very.
Come here. I want to show you a painting.
Of course.
Here it is.
"The Storm On The Sea of Galilee".
How marvelous.
Not as marvelous as you.
Are there other rooms that I can see?
Yes. there are other rooms.
That's a wonderful idea.
Your bedroom. perhaps?
Oh. Bedroom.
Let's go.
What are you doing down here?
Please...
I've gone on...
holiday...
...with my family.
I was very moved
when I saw you in the city today.
My Clara.
Once again in my life.
Thank you.
Then...
I was contacted by an old friend.
Why are you speaking in English?
Wait a second...
You don't understand a fucking thing.